hello and welcome back to learn English
with
Minecraft this is a series where I teach
English while trying to beat Minecraft
my name is Kenzo and this is English
from the ground up so I am beginning
this video inside my XP Farm mhm this is
my XP farm and I'm starting here today
because I haven't really used the XP
farm yet hm I haven't yet Enchanted
anything I haven't Enchanted my diamond
sword and I haven't Enchanted my diamond
pickaxe or any of my my armor
H I haven't yet Enchanted anything so
the first thing that I want to do in
this video is collect a bunch of XP and
use it to enchant some of my diamond
tools and armor so I've been here in the
spawner for quite a long time look at
all of these
spiders so right now I've turned off the
sound of
monsters
watch
options uh
sound hostile creatures hostile
creatures are
monsters and right now the sound of
hostile creatures is off but I'm going
to turn them
on to
100% now listen to the
game do you hear all of those
[Music]
spiders let's
go
33% okay so the first thing that I'm
going to do is kill all of these spiders
and see how much xp I
get here we
[Music]
go this might take me a
while
[Music]
29 ah I wanted to get to
30 oh I'm so close I'm going to wait
here a little bit
longer until I can reach level
oh well this is a
[Music]
problem the spiders are getting stuck up
here
H uh-oh uh-oh uh-oh
uh-oh oh this is bad uh-oh uhoh
uh-oh uhoh
uh-oh
uh-oh this was a
mistake
H okay this is a problem I need to
eat yeah the
spiders sometimes the spiders can hit me
through the
wall the spiders are getting stuck up
here
[Music]
there we go level 30 exactly level
30 H if you know how to fix the problem
of the spiders getting stuck up here at
the top tell me in a comment
below all right now that I'm level 30
I'm going to go back up to the surface
and collect some of my diamond tools to
enchant but first i'm going to look
inside these chests what's
inside lots of
string 24 spider
eyes a
torch H I think this torch fell inside
the chest while I was building
the XP
farm same thing with this
Cobblestone and this chest torch spider
eyes and
string spider eyes and string wow I have
a lot of string and spider eyes
now die
okay back up the water
elevator and while I'm going up I'm
going to eat some
potatoes whoa a
carrot where did I get this carrot
from I think this is my first
carrot I'm going to plant it in my
garden
whoa okay I have a lot lot of potatoes
and wheat that are ready to be harvested
but for now I'm just going to plant this
carrot right
here all right I don't want to
enchant this sword or this pickaxe
because these tools are
damaged the sword has been used almost
halfway and this pickaxe is almost
broken so I am going to build new
diamond tools and enchant those tools so
let's
see 11 diamonds first I'm going to build
a diamond
pickaxe one two
three one
two diamond
pickaxe next I'm going to build a
diamond sword
one two
diamonds and one
stick there we
go and now I think I'll move on to
building some diamond
armor so a diamond
helmet like
that and I only have one Diamond left so
I'm going to build a diamond shovel
one diamond and two sticks makes a
diamond
shovel and now I'm going to enchant
these tools let's go over
to the enchanting
room oh I almost forgot that I need to
show you what my automatic bamboo and
sugar cane Farm looks like now that it's
finished it's this
way and ta it's
finished look there are one 2 3 four
five six floors there are
one
two three floors of
bamboo and one
two three floors of sugar cane so
there's three floors of
each
and I'm going to swim over there this
chest is where all of the bamboo and
sugar cane is collected
oh I heard the machine
activate all right let's look inside
this chest and see how much much bamboo
and sugar cane is in there right
now
open all right quite a
bit okay let's go over to the enchanting
room swim here we are the enchanting
room so the first thing that I'm going
to enchant is my diamond pickaxe because
I think the pickaxe
is the most useful
tool so
pickaxe I forgot that you need lapis
lazuli to enchant things using the
enchanting
table so I need to go back to my house
back
home and it's night time so first I'm
going to sleep sleep sleep all right
it's
morning so I'm going to pick up some
lapis
lazuli
lapis and I'm going to
eat
whoa eat all right back to the
enchanting room squid hello
squid here we
go diamond pickaxe
lapis and I'm going to get the level 30
enchantment wow efficiency 4 Fortune 2
and Unbreaking
three all
right this is a really good
pickaxe now I'm going to
enchant
ah now I'm only level
27 I want level 30 enchantments so I'm
going back down to the XP
farm all right here I am the XP farm and
now I wait
I wait for a long
time once again the spiders are getting
stuck up here at the
top I need to fix this
somehow but there are quite a few
spiders down
here oh I heard
thunder
30 all right
32 32 I'm going to wait here a little
bit
longer there are so many spiders stuck
up
here get off off off off off
off okay well I'm going back up to the
surface to enchant something else
probably my diamond
sword wow the
Thunder the Thunder is really loud it
must be raining up there on the surface
mhm it's
raining I'm going to go back up to my
house and
sleep
whoa the lightning struck right there
where the fire
was okay I'm going to
sleep all right it's morning
morning and the rain has stopped and I'm
going to eat more
potatoes okay now it's time to enchant
my diamond
sword
dive enchanting room so I'm going to put
in my diamond sword and some
lapis and now I'm going to get a level
enchantment knockback two and sharpness
four
cool now I have a really strong sword
and
pickaxe
cool now I'm going to enchant my diamond
helmet helmet lapis
whoa fire protection three this
enchantment protects me from
fire Unbreaking and respiration
three
hm cool and my shovel why
not uh we'll do this level 13
enchantment efficiency two Unbreaking
two okay
cool I'm going to put on my new
helmet there we
go awesome wow now I have eight
armor
oh okay there's one final thing that I
really want to
enchant and that is a
crossbow I want an enchanted crossbow
okay first how do I build a
crossbow c r o s s b o w
crossbow okay
crossbow I need one two three sticks one
two
string I think I have enough
string and a trip wire
hook okay how do I build a trip wire
hook T rip P trip trip wire
hook wood a stick and iron okay cool
wood stick iron trip wire
hook okay
crossbow there we go I built a
new
crossbow now it's time to enchant it and
I want to put a level 30 enchantment on
this crossbow so back down to the XP
farm I'm glad that I'm finally using the
XP
farm now it's time to
wait and
wait
30 all right 30
perfect to the enchanting
room okay here we
are
crossbow and
Lapis piercing
four I think this makes the crossbow do
more
damage
cool
a I don't have any
arrows so I can't try using it all right
awesome I
Enchanted my diamond sword my diamond
pickaxe my diamond
shovel my diamond helmet
and a crossbow
mhm in the next video
I'm going to use these things to go
exploring underground and hopefully I
can find more diamonds so I can build a
full set of enchanted diamond
armor and I'd also like to find a
skeleton spawner so I can collect a
bunch of arrows from my new crossbow
M so in the next video I'm going
exploring
underground but for this video I'm going
to end it right here so thank you so
much for watching if you liked this
video please leave me a like or click
the Subscribe button and as always I
will see you in the next video see you
[Music]